

I have had experience with AI before in the past, so conceptually the different layers were not new to me.
I understood the majority of the layer's forward prop before starting this course.
However, calculating the individual backprop for each is new, since this is usually abstracted within frameworks
like tensorflow and pytorch.

Something also that was new for me was the share_across_batch for dropout.
Usually in most libraries this is not an option and instead each data point in a batch has a different dropout.
I was debating using tiling, however I realised that I could simply modify the shape for matmul. Which is more efficient
and save memory.

I also had to decide whether to throw an error or not for the dropout in the case where there had been no forward pass
and as such no random mask. I decided to reduce risk of errors, so instead we have a default value for rand_mask,
which is simply the assumption that all that get's passed through.

Something I learnt that was new to me was that in the forward pass for dropout we actually scale the activations by 1/(1-dropout_rate)


For debugging during development, I implemented some global env variables for verbose logging.

I found implementing the L1 and L2 penalties relatively easy from the formulas online.
I then check them using the provided tests, which were incredibly useful.

I realised that both stochastic layer and relu use the same functionality for generating random masks.
The only difference is that DropoutOut converts it to a binary mask using a threshold.


I had never heard of a ParametricReluLayer before, but now I realise that it is basically a LeakyRelu where alpha is learnable.

I initially thought that I had to use

Initially found the implementing of ParametricReluLayer confusing.
The calculations to find the gradient with respect to alpha was fine.
I wasn't sure first why we needed the sum, in comparison to gradient wrt inputs.
However, I realised that this needs to be a constant for the loss.


Whilst doing lab 2, I came across the problem where the default layer did not have evaluation parameter implemented.
So I added this. For evaluation the forward prop is simply propagating the input without any change.
The problem is, this will likely mean I need an if statement within all of my layers and I don't particuarly want to do that.

Instead perhaps what if we modified all the layer's backprop functions to be the name of some other method,
then we can choose whether to run the child's implementation or not.

To do this I have added an extra _fprop method to Layer, which all subsequent layers will then implement.